c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\WebShopUsingMvc.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\WebShopUsingMvc.pdb
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\obj\Debug\WebShopUsingMvc.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\obj\Debug\WebShopUsingMvc.pdb
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\Iesi.Collections.pdb
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.xml
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\WebShop.DataCore.dll
c:\users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\WebShop.DataCore.pdb
C:\Users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\marten.olofsson\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WebShopUsingMvc\WebShopUsingMvc\bin\StructureMap.xml
